Types of datatypes:
1. Number (Float, Double)
2. String
3. Boolean

The above are primitive datatypes, means they are defined beforehand.


Object is usually an instance of a class.
Class is a collection of data members that similar properties.

'typeof' operator shows the type of a particular entity.

In JavaScript when we use the dot '.' operator it shows the properties of the object

Semicolumns are not important in JavaScript

What is a a scope? Every variable that exists in the file has a scope, meaning that there is a particular area in which that particular variable can be accessed.
Local scoped variables that are locally accessible for example in a block.
Global scoped variables that can be used anywhere, usually defined at global level, can be used anywhere.

What is console in JavaScript? It is an object that is available globally. This object has a lot of methods associated with it, and one of the methods is called log and log is a method which exists on console and is accessed using the dot operator.

console.log(window) is a global object has some functions to manipulate the window.

Functions are used to reduce redundancy if a block is repeated several times we put that block inside the body of a function and instead of repeatedly using the block over and over again we just call the function.
When naming a function in the paranthesis the parameters are defined

Undefined is a datatype in JavaScript

DATATYPES
1. Const - Used to declare variable, however the variable can't be changed, also when declaring a variable using const and don't define it with anything JavaScript will throw an error. if we use console.log before declaring the variable it will show an error.
2. Let - when declaring a variable using let and don't define it with anything, it will be undefined by default. if we use console.log before declaring the variable it will show an error.
3. Var - Similar to let, but with var the variable has a global scope while the other two has a local (in the block it was declared) scope, if we use console.log before declaring the variable is undefined.

Variables can't be redeclared if they are in the same scope, however can be redeclared if they are not in the same scope.

ARRAYS
forEach - it abstracts the functionality out, we can't return anything 
Map -  we can return something, whatever is returned it can be added to the new array, if nothing is defined then an undefined is returned.

